Feedback (#1)
sdgis-edu-tud/fair-data-publication-groupb: README.md

# 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

## 1.1 Title of Dataset
Urban Stream Restoration: building a more resilient urban environmental system - Case of Poznań, Poland.

## 1.2 Dataset description
The research project was carried out as part of the MSc Urbanism elective course *Applied Spatial Analytics for Sustainable Urban Development* (ARFW0501) at TU Delft. This course is based on the ReBioClim project, an initiative funded by the Interreg Central Europe Program. ReBioClim aims to revitalize small urban streams across European cities to promote biodiversity, address the impacts of climate change, and enhance urban quality of life. The project focuses on stream restoration efforts in four Central European cities: Dresden, Jablonec nad Nisou, Poznań, and Senica.The dataset used in this study is based on the case of **Poznań**. Additional details about the ReBioClim project can be accessed [here](https://www.interreg-central.eu/projects/rebioclim/)

> In this course, we explored urban stream restoration in Poznań, Poland, using two primary methodological approaches: Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) and Typology Construction. For each method, we identified relevant objectives and formulated research questions tailored to the respective analytical framework. This dataset contains quantitative spatial data on biodiversity, quality of life, and climate adaptation metrics for Poznań, organised in a 500m gri hezagonal grid system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this course, we explored urban stream restoration in Poznań, Poland, using two primary methodological approaches: Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) and Typology Construction. For each method, we identified relevant objectives and formulated research questions tailored to the respective analytical framework. This dataset contains quantitative spatial data on biodiversity, quality of life, and climate adaptation metrics for Poznań, organised in a 500m hexagonal grid system. 
```

- Name: Roger Marin de Yzaguirre
- Institution: TU Delft Faculty of Architecture & the Built Environment
- Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft
- Email: r.marindeyzaguirre@student.tudelft.nl

C. Investigator 
- Name: Yaying Hao
- Institution: TU Delft Faculty of Architecture & the Built Environment
- Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft
- Email: y.hao-3@student.tudelft.nl

D. Investigator 
- Name: Jaee Naik
- Institution: TU Delft Faculty of Architecture & the Built Environment
- Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft
- Email: jnaik@tudelft.nl

E. Associated study personnel (Tutor)
- Name: Daniele Cannatella
Institution: Delft University of Technology, Faculty of Architecture & The Built Environment
Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft
Email: d.cannatella@tudelft.nl

F. Associated study personnel (Tutor)
- Name: Claudiu Forgaci
Institution: Delft University of Technology, Faculty of Architecture & The Built Environment
Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft
Email: c.forgaci@tudelft.nl

G. Associated study personnel (Tutor)
- Name: Yehan Wu
Institution: Delft University of Technology, Faculty of Architecture & The Built Environment
Address: Julianalaan 134, 2628 BZ Delft

> Email: Y.Wu-13@tudelft.nl

Reviewer: Hyphens missing at the beginning of new lines which makes this render incorrectly. See the rendered README on the repo home page and fix this.

The evaluation culminates in the development of a synthetic map for each research question, which integrates the weighted criteria into a comprehensive spatial representation. These maps serve as analytical tools that encapsulate the combined perspectives of multiple stakeholders, thereby supporting informed and balanced decision-making.\

In the context of our study on urban stream restoration in Poznań, the principal objective is to enhance the resilience of the urban environmental system. In this study, resilience is conceptualized through three key dimensions: **Enhancing Biodiversity**, **Promoting Climate Adaptation** and **Improving Quality of Life**. Each of these dimensions is formulated as a distinct research question

## 2.3 Instrument- or software-specific information
-  QGIS was used to map and analyze spatial datasets (version 3.34.12)
-  RStudio was employed to collate, visualize the report findings (4.5.0)
-  Copernicus satellite data for NDVI calculations

# 3. FILE OVERVIEW
Single versions of the dataset.

## 3.1 File List

> ### 3.1.1 Primary Data

Reviewer: I would avoid calling this primary data. Primary data is data that you collect directly and we did not do that in this course. Instead, use the file name(s) as the heading(s).

> - "(update file name)": Geopackage containing 500m hexagonal grid with all Normalized Data on Biodiversity, Climate Adaptation & Quality of Life metrics

Reviewer: File name to be updated. Also, I see below that you have more than one gpkg file. This should be consistently reported across sections.

- Type of variable: Continuous (0-1 normalized)
- Unit of measurement: 0-1 (low to high)
- Calculation: 
- Source: OSM Data

4. Specialised formats or other abbreviations used: N/A

5. Total file size: 340 KB

# 5. SHARING/ACCESS INFORMATION
## 5.1 Licenses/restrictions placed on the data:
CC BY-SA 4.0

## 5.2 Links to other resources:
To be updated upon publication

### 5.2.1 Links to publications that cite or use the data:
To be determined

### 5.2.2 Links to other publicly accessible locations of the data: 
N/A

### 5.2.3 Links/relationships to ancillary data sets: 
N/A

### 5.2.4 Links to publicly accessible scripts for analysis of the dataset:
- [Urban Stream Restoration: building a more resilient urban environmental system- Case of Poznań, Poland](https://github.com/sdgis-edu-tud/report-asa2025-groupb.git)

### 5.2.5 Was data derived from another source?
Yes

## 5.3 Recommended citation for this dataset:

> Naik, J., Hao, Y., Prikazchikov, S., & Yzaguirr, R. M. D. (2025). Urban stream restoration: Building a more resilient urban environmental system- case of Poznań, Poland. Delft University of Technology. https://github.com/sdgis-edu-tud/report-asa2025-groupb.git

Reviewer: Add DOI instead of GitHub link after starting the draft submission on 4TU.RD.

Reviewer 2: Can you please let me know how can I obtain the DOI of the project?
As far as we understand this will be after we publish the report on 4TU.RD right?
